
Intrepid
Junior Finance Executive - Foundation
Accounting
PERMANENT | FULL TIME | COLOMBO, SRI LANKA
At Intrepid Travel we exist to inspire, create, share and lead the best travel experiences ever - for both people and the planet. More than 34 years later, we're proud to be certified B Corp with hundreds of trips in over 100 countries.
As our Junior Finance Executive - Foundation Accounting, you'll be at the heart of ensuring financial transparency and accuracy for the Foundation's global initiatives. You'll be a dedicated Intrepid Foundation resource; processing donations and disbursements, reconciling accounts and supporting audits. You'll be responsible for maintaining financial integrity across multiple entities, handling transactions in ERP systems, recording donor information and assisting with month-end and year-end reporting. Most importantly, you'll help ensure every dollar raised makes a meaningful impact!
This full-time permanent position operates in a hybrid capacity out of our office in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Some of the experience you'll bring with you may include:
•
Undergraduate qualification in Finance, Accounting, or an equivalent professional certification.
· Minimum 1-2 years of experience in a Finance role
·
Understanding of QuickBooks
Knowledge in Excel would be beneficial
Good communication and collaboration skills
Experience in Management or Financial Accounting would be an advantage
What it's like working for Intrepid:
Our people reflect the diversity of our customers & the communities we visit. Our global team is made up of 58 nationalities across 46 countries, & Intrepid recognises that diversity makes us a stronger business so we encourage applications from people of all backgrounds!
Work Perks
• Flexible work options such as work from home & work from anywhere 4 weeks a year! Experience Intrepid with a FREE trip every year, plus an extra week of leave to enjoy it!
.
•
•
E-learning & professional development, with diverse global career opportunities.
Access to an Employee Assistance Program, a 24/7 service that offers counselling Support causes important to you with 20 hours of volunteer leave every year.
CIMA
Training Partner
Great Place
To
Work. Certified
MAY 2024-MAY 2025
With varying global benefits, flexibility & an incredible work culture, it's no wonder we've been awarded the honor of being a 'Great Place to Work!'
Apply Here
All applications must be submitted through our website above.