
Intrepid
Junior Tax Executive
PERMANENT | FULL TIME | COLOMBO, SRI LANKA
At Intrepid Travel we exist to inspire, create, share and lead the best travel experiences ever - for both people and the planet. More than 34 years later, we're proud to be a certified B Corp with hundreds of trips in over 100 countries.
As a Junior Tax Executive, you will assist our Lead Tax Analyst, ensuring global tax compliance and completing operational tax workings for our Intrepid brand companies. With guidance, you will compile monthly data for tax calculations for Australia, New Zealand, UK and Germany. You will also collaborate with global DMCs and Finance Managers, obtaining relevant information for monthly tax effect accounting calculations and ensuring that correct tax policies and procedures are followed.
In this role, you will support the Lead Tax Analyst in data compilation for Local IRD tax audits and queries. With your accounting knowledge, you will engage in tax balance sheet reconciliations and journal
processing. Most importantly, you will be provided with tax-specific training, enhancing your knowledge of performing a successful Tax function!
This is a full-time permanent position, where you will work in our office in Colombo, Sri Lanka (hybrid).
Some of the experience you'll bring with you may include:
.
Minimum 1 year experience in an accounting/finance or tax role
Undergraduate in Accounting/Management or studying equivalent qualification (CA/CIMA/ACCA). Proficient in Excel and other MS Office tools.
Basic understanding and/or experience in Tax would be highly beneficial
You'll also have excellent communication with a strong desire to pursue a career in tax!
What it's like working for Intrepid:
Our people reflect the diversity of our customers & the communities we visit. Our global team is made up of 58 nationalities across 46 countries, & Intrepid recognises that diversity makes us a stronger business so we encourage applications from people of all backgrounds!
Work Perks
•
Flexible work options such as work from home & work from anywhere 4 weeks a year! Experience Intrepid with a FREE trip every year, plus an extra week of leave to enjoy it! E-learning & professional development, with diverse global career opportunities. Access to an Employee Assistance Program, a 24/7 service that offers counselling Support causes important to you with 20 hours of volunteer leave every year. CIMA Training Partner Great Place
To
Work.
Certified
MAY 2024-MAY 2025
LKA
With varying global benefits, flexibility & an incredible work culture, it's no wonder we've been awarded the honor of being a 'Great Place to Work!'
Apply Here
All applications must be submitted through our website above.